docs: Break out overlays docs (#2384)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/overlays.md

# Overlays

Since a Flame game can be wrapped in a widget, it is quite easy to use it alongside other Flutter
widgets in your tree. However, if you want to easily show widgets on top of your Flame game, like
messages, menu screens or something of that nature, you can use the Widgets Overlay API to make
things even easier.

`Game.overlays` enables any Flutter widget to be shown on top of a game instance. This makes it very
easy to create things like a pause menu or an inventory screen for example.

The feature can be used via the `game.overlays.add` and `game.overlays.remove` methods that mark an
overlay to be shown or hidden, respectively, via a `String` argument that identifies the overlay.

> After that, you can map each overlay to their correspoinding Widget in your `GameWidget` declaration

Reviewer: oops my bad, fat fingers
```suggestion
After that, you can map each overlay to their corresponding Widget in your `GameWidget` declaration
```

# Overlays

Since a Flame game can be wrapped in a widget, it is quite easy to use it alongside other Flutter

> widgets. But still, there is the Widgets Overlay API that makes things even easier, especially to
> put widgets on top of Flame.

Reviewer: But still sounds a bit weird to me in this context, how about:
```suggestion
widgets in your tree. However, if you want to easily show widgets on top of your Flame game, like messages, menu screens or something of that nature, you can use the Widgets Overlay API to make things even easier.
```

`Game.overlays` enables any Flutter widget to be shown on top of a game instance, this makes it very
easy to create things like a pause menu or an inventory screen for example.

> This management is done via the `game.overlays.add` and `game.overlays.remove` methods that mark an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature can be used via the `game.overlays.add` and `game.overlays.remove` methods that mark an
```

overlay to be shown or hidden, respectively, via a `String` argument that identifies the overlay.

> After that, it can be specified which widgets represent each overlay in the `GameWidget` declaration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, you can map each overlay to their correspoinding Widget in your `GameWidget` declaration
```

> by setting an `overlayBuilderMap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by providing an `overlayBuilderMap`.
```

```dart

> void main() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   // Inside the game methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Inside your game:
```

  final pauseOverlayIdentifier = 'PauseMenu';

  // Marks 'PauseMenu' to be rendered.
  overlays.add(pauseOverlayIdentifier);
  // Marks 'PauseMenu' to not be rendered.
  overlays.remove(pauseOverlayIdentifier);

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
